DX-978: Add Payment Menu section (#444)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payment-menu/after-payment.md

            "contentType": "application/json"
        }
    ]
}
```

{:.table .table-striped}
| Field          | Type     | Description                                                                        |
| :------------- | :------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `paymentorder` | `object` | The payment order object.                                                          |
| └➔&nbsp;`id`   | `string` | {% include field-description-id.md resource="paymentorder" %}                      |
| `operations`   | `array`  | The array of possible operations to perform, given the state of the payment order. |

## Cancel

{% include payment-order-cancel.md %}

## Reversal

{% include payment-order-reversal.md %}

{% include alert.html type="informative" icon="info" body=" Note that all of the
operations `Cancel`, `Capture` and `Reversal` must be implemented." %}

{% include iterator.html prev_href="capture"
                         prev_title="Back: Capture"
                         next_href="other-features"
                         next_title="Next: Other Features" %}

[msisdn]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MSISDN

> [payee-reference]: /payment-menu/other-features#payee-reference

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

[payment-order-operations]: /payment-menu/other-features#operations

> [payment-menu-front-end]: /payment#payment-menu-front-end

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

            "rel": "create-paymentorder-reversal",
            "contentType": "application/json"
        }
    ]
}
```

{:.table .table-striped}
| Field          | Type     | Description                                                                        |
| :------------- | :------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `paymentorder` | `object` | The payment order object.                                                          |
| └➔&nbsp;`id`   | `string` | {% include field-description-id.md resource="paymentorder" %}                      |
| `operations`   | `array`  | The array of possible operations to perform, given the state of the payment order. |

## Cancel

{% include payment-order-cancel.md %}

## Reversal

{% include payment-order-reversal.md %}

{% include alert.html type="informative" icon="info" body=" Note that all of the
operations `Cancel`, `Capture` and `Reversal` must be implemented." %}

{% include iterator.html prev_href="capture"
                         prev_title="Back: Capture"
                         next_href="other-features"
                         next_title="Next: Other Features" %}

> [https]: /home/technical-information#connection-and-protocol

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

[msisdn]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MSISDN
[payee-reference]: /payment-menu/other-features#payee-reference
[payment-order-operations]: /payment-menu/other-features#operations

> [payment-menu-back-end]: /payment#payment-menu-back-end

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> ---

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[final-newline] Missing newline character at end of file](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> ---

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[final-newline] Missing newline character at end of file](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> ---

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[final-newline] Missing newline character at end of file](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> ---

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[final-newline] Missing newline character at end of file](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> ---

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[final-newline] Missing newline character at end of file](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> ---

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[final-newline] Missing newline character at end of file](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> ---

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[final-newline] Missing newline character at end of file](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> ---

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[final-newline] Missing newline character at end of file](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

title: Swedbank Pay Payment Menu – After Payment
sidebar:
  navigation:
  - title: Payment Menu
    items:
    - url: /payment-menu/
      title: Introduction
    - url: /payment-menu/payment-order
      title: Payment Order
    - url: /payment-menu/capture
      title: Capture
    - url: /payment-menu/after-payment
      title: After Payment
    - url: /payment-menu/other-features
      title: Other Features
---

> {% include jumbotron.html body="When the consumer has **completed** the entire
> [Payment Order][payment-order], you need to implement the
> relevant **after-payment operations** in your order system. Which these
> operations are and how they are executed is described below." %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% include jumbotron.html body="When the payer is **done** interacting
with the Payment Menu, you need to implement the
relevant **after-payment operations** in your order system. Which these
operations are and how they are executed is described below." %}
```

{% include payment-order-after-payment.md %}

{% include iterator.html prev_href="capture"
                         prev_title="Back: Capture"
                         next_href="other-features"
                         next_title="Next: Other Features" %}

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-unused-definitions] Found unused definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)

> [payment-order]: /payment-menu/payment-order

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5645371)
